docs: Update docs for the aws_kendra_index resource (#41572)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/kendra_index.html.markdown

* `capacity_units` - (Optional) A block that sets the number of additional document storage and query capacity units that should be used by the index. [Detailed below](#capacity_units).
* `description` - (Optional) The description of the Index.
* `document_metadata_configuration_updates` - (Optional) One or more blocks that specify the configuration settings for any metadata applied to the documents in the index. Minimum number of 0 items. Maximum number of 500 items. If specified, you must define all elements, including those that are provided by default. These index fields are documented at [Amazon Kendra Index documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kendra/latest/dg/hiw-index.html). For an example resource that defines these default index fields, refer to the [default example above](#specifying-the-predefined-elements). For an example resource that appends additional index fields, refer to the [append example above](#appending-additional-elements). All arguments for each block must be specified. Note that blocks cannot be removed since index fields cannot be deleted. This argument is [detailed below](#document_metadata_configuration_updates).

> * `edition` - (Optional) The Amazon Kendra edition to use for the index. Choose `DEVELOPER_EDITION` for indexes intended for development, testing, or proof of concept. Use `ENTERPRISE_EDITION` for your production databases. Use `GEN_AI_ENTERPRISE_EDITION` for your production databases with latest information (only available in us-east-1 and us-west-2). Once you set the edition for an index, it can't be changed. Defaults to `ENTERPRISE_EDITION`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `edition` - (Optional) The Amazon Kendra edition to use for the index. Choose `DEVELOPER_EDITION` for indexes intended for development, testing, or proof of concept. Use `ENTERPRISE_EDITION` for your production databases. Use `GEN_AI_ENTERPRISE_EDITION` for creating generative AI applications. Once you set the edition for an index, it can't be changed. Defaults to `ENTERPRISE_EDITION`.
```
